ClusterClass support (#325)
k0sproject/k0smotron: docs/capi-aws.md

## Deleting the cluster

> For cluster deletion, do **NOT** use `kubectl delete -f my-aws-cluster.yaml` as that will result into orphan AWS resources. Instead, delete the top level `Cluster` object. This approach ensures the proper sequence in deleting all child resources, effectively avoid orphan resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cluster deletion, do **NOT** use `kubectl delete -f my-aws-cluster.yaml` as that will result in orphan AWS resources. Instead, delete the top level `Cluster` object. This approach ensures the proper sequence in deleting all child resources, effectively avoiding orphan resources.
```
